limited by weight and distribution. Always secure cargo. Heavy loading of the vehicle with cargo, especially on the roof, will affect the handling and stability of the vehicle. 16For Level 2 home charging use only a 240-volt           A R I YA
dock on a dedicated outlet. See Customer Disclosure Form for details. 240-V home charging dock sold separately. Not a Nissan product. Some chargers may not be compatible with your ARIYA. Contact charger
manufacturer before purchase for information on compatibility and warranty. Nissan does not warrant and is not responsible for loss, including consequential, incidental, or other damages caused by charger defects,                                2025
charger incompatibility, or installation services. 17Targeted 2025 MY EPA-estimated range up to 289 miles for combined city/highway driving for EVOLVE+ FWD. Targeted 2025 MY EPA-estimated range up to 216 miles for
combined city/highway driving for ENGAGE FWD. Targeted 2025 MY EPA-estimated range up to 205 miles for combined city/highway driving for ENGAGE Dual Motor e-4ORCE AWD. Targeted 2025 MY EPA-estimated range
up to 272 miles for ENGAGE+ Dual Motor e-4ORCE AWD and EVOLVE+ Dual Motor e-4ORCE AWD. Targeted 2025 MY EPA-estimated range up to 267 miles for PLATINUM+ Dual Motor e-4ORCE AWD and 257 miles for
PLATINUM+ Dual Motor e-4ORCE AWD with optional 20" wheels. Targeted 2025 EPA Fuel Economy Estimates equivalent to 105 City, 91 Highway for EVOLVE+ FWD. Based on EPA formula of 33.7 kW/hour equal to one gallon
of gasoline energy, and on Nissan internal testing results, subject to EPA confirmation. EPA data not available at time of publication. Targeted estimates for EVOLVE+ FWD are equivalent to 105 MPG measured as gasoline
fuel efficiency in city driving, and 91 MPG in highway driving. Targeted 2025 EPA Fuel Economy Estimates equivalent to 109 City, 94 Highway for ENGAGE FWD. Based on EPA formula of 33.7 kW/hour equal to one gallon of
gasoline energy, and on Nissan internal testing results, subject to EPA confirmation. EPA data not available at time of publication. Targeted estimates for ENGAGE FWD are equivalent to 109 MPG measured as gasoline
fuel efficiency in city driving, and 94 MPG in highway driving. Targeted 2025 EPA Fuel Economy Estimates equivalent to 101 City, 89 Highway for ENGAGE Dual Motor e-4ORCE AWD. Based on EPA formula of 33.7 kW/hour
equal to one gallon of gasoline energy, and on Nissan internal testing results, subject to EPA confirmation. EPA data not available at time of publication. Targeted estimates for ENGAGE Dual Motor e-4ORCE AWD are
equivalent to 101 MPG measured as gasoline fuel efficiency in city driving, and 89 MPG in highway driving. Targeted 2025 EPA Fuel Economy Estimates equivalent to 97 City, 86 Highway for ENGAGE+ Dual Motor e-4ORCE
AWD and EVOLVE+ Dual Motor e-4ORCE AWD. Based on EPA formula of 33.7 kW/hour equal to one gallon of gasoline energy, and on Nissan internal testing results, subject to EPA confirmation. EPA data not available at
time of publication. Targeted estimates for ENGAGE+ Dual Motor e-4ORCE AWD and EVOLVE+ Dual Motor e-4ORCE AWD are equivalent to 97 MPG measured as gasoline fuel efficiency in city driving, and 86 MPG in highway
driving. Targeted 2025 EPA Fuel Economy Estimates equivalent to 93 City, 87 Highway for PLATINUM+ Dual Motor e-4ORCE AWD. Based on EPA formula of 33.7 kW/hour equal to one gallon of gasoline energy, and on Nissan
internal testing results, subject to EPA confirmation. EPA data not available at time of publication. Targeted estimates for PLATINUM+ Dual Motor e-4ORCE AWD are equivalent to 93 MPG measured as gasoline fuel
efficiency in city driving, and 87 MPG in highway driving. Targeted 2025 EPA Fuel Economy Estimates equivalent to 89 City, 84 Highway for PLATINUM+ Dual Motor e-4ORCE AWD with optional 20" wheels. Based on EPA
formula of 33.7 kW/hour equal to one gallon of gasoline energy, and on Nissan internal testing results, subject to EPA confirmation. EPA data not available at time of publication. Targeted estimates for PLATINUM+ Dual
Motor e-4ORCE AWD with optional 20" wheels are equivalent to 89 MPG measured as gasoline fuel efficiency in city driving, and 84 MPG in highway driving. Actual mileage will vary with trim levels, options, and driving
conditions. See Customer Disclosure Form for details. Use for comparison only. 18Actual route at time of departure may vary due to battery level at trip departure, changes in traffic, etc. that could affect the original trip
plan. 19Nissan vehicle with "SiriusXM with 360L" capability: SiriusXM with 360L trial period is included with the purchase or lease of a new Nissan vehicle if: (i) vehicle is equipped with SiriusXM with 360L capability and
(ii) vehicle is purchased or leased from new Nissan dealer stock. Trial period begins on the purchase or lease date of the qualifying new Nissan vehicle. SiriusXM with 360L is owned and operated by SiriusXM, use of SiriusXM
account and its services and features are subject to the SiriusXM Customer Agreement and Privacy Policy available at siriusxm.com, and are not within Nissan's control. Should SiriusXM terminate, change, or restrict
service or features, service or features may be suspended or terminated without notice or with no liability to Nissan or its partners or agents. Nissan and its partners or agents are also not responsible for associated
costs or other third party changes that may be required for continued operation due to cellular network unavailability, restriction, or termination (including equipment replacements/upgrades, if available, or roaming
charges on alternative networks). Trial period is subject to change or early termination at any time without notice. SiriusXM and related logos are trademarks of Sirius XM Radio Inc. and its respective subsidiaries. SiriusXM
and SiriusXM with 360L Trial Subscription: Service will automatically stop at the end of your trial subscription period unless you decide to continue service. Trial is non-transferable. If you do not wish to enjoy your trial,
you can cancel by calling the number below. All SiriusXM services require a subscription, each sold separately by SiriusXM after the trial period. Service subject to the SiriusXM Customer Agreement and Privacy Policy,
visit siriusxm.com for complete terms and how to cancel which includes online methods or calling 1-866-635-2349. Some services and features are subject to device capabilities and location availability. Satellite
service not available in AK & HI. Certain features and/or content may not be available in vehicles with SiriusXM with 360L unless an active data connection is enabled in the vehicle. Content varies by SiriusXM subscription
package. All fees, content and features are subject to change. 20ProPILOT Park is not a substitute for driver's attention to the immediate surroundings. See Owner's Manual for safety information. 21For complete
information concerning warranty coverage, conditions, limitations, and exclusions, see your Nissan dealer, parts.NissanUSA.com, and read your vehicle's Warranty Information Booklet. 22Accessories shown are not
genuine Nissan parts/accessories. Not warranted by Nissan. Refer to product manufacturer for warranty details. Nissan limited warranty does not cover damages or failures to the vehicle caused by improper installation
or alterations of any accessory or component. Contact your dealer for details. 23Towing capacity varies by configuration. See Nissan Towing Guide and Owner's Manual for additional information. Always secure
cargo. 24Compatible smartphone and vehicle remote engine start system required. Virtual Key to be used only in accordance with laws or rules in effect in your vehicle's location. Actual maximum distance for operation
will vary depending on obstructions between compatible device and vehicle. 25Dual Camera Drive Recorder to be used only in accordance with any laws or rules in effect in your vehicle's location that may apply to audio
or video recordings of drivers and passengers. 26Vehicle shown is for illustrative purposes only. Not representative of brochure's model year/model. 27Only front kick plates illuminate. 28214 Horsepower for ENGAGE FWD.
238 Horsepower for EVOLVE+ FWD. 335 Horsepower for ENGAGE Dual Motor e-4ORCE AWD. 389 Horsepower for ENGAGE+ Dual Motor e-4ORCE AWD, EVOLVE+ Dual Motor e-4ORCE AWD, and PLATINUM+ Dual Motor
e-4ORCE AWD. 29Nissan calculation using 1-ft rollout testing with long-range battery and Dual Motor e-4ORCE AWD only in Sport Mode and with e-Step off. Actual acceleration may vary. These results are for comparison
only and should not be attempted on public roads. 30ProPILOT Assist and ProPILOT Assist with Navi-link cannot prevent collisions. It is the driver's responsibility to be in control of the vehicle at all times. Always monitor
traffic conditions and keep both hands on the steering wheel. System operates only when lane markings are detected. Does not function in all weather, traffic and road conditions. System has limited control capability
and the driver may need to steer, brake or accelerate at any time to maintain safety. See Owner's Manual for safety information. 31Nissan Safety Shield technologies can't prevent all collisions or warn in all situations. See
Owner's Manual for important safety information. 32Do not use for extended periods of time. See Owner's Manual for important safety information. 33Intelligent Around View® Monitor cannot eliminate blind spots and
may not detect every object. Driver should always turn and check surroundings before driving. See Owner's Manual for safety information. 34Intelligent Rear View Mirror may not detect every object and does not eliminate
blind spots or warn of moving objects. See Owner's Manual for safety information. 35e-Step does not bring the vehicle to a complete stop. Monitor traffic conditions and use conventional brake as needed. See Owner's
Manual for safety information. 36Brake Assist cannot prevent all collisions and may not provide warning or braking in all conditions. Driver should monitor traffic conditions and brake as needed to prevent collisions. See
Owner's Manual for safety information. 37Intelligent Cruise Control uses limited braking and is not a collision avoidance or warning system. Driver should monitor traffic conditions and brake as needed to prevent
collisions. See Owner's Manual for safety information. 38Intelligent Forward Collision Warning cannot prevent collisions. See Owner's Manual for safety information. 39Automatic Emergency Braking with Pedestrian
Detection cannot prevent all collisions and may not provide warning or braking in all conditions. Driver should monitor traffic conditions and brake as needed to prevent collisions. See Owner's Manual for safety
information. 40Intelligent Lane Intervention only operates when lane markings or road edge (if equipped) are detectable. See Owner's Manual for safety information. 41Intelligent Blind Spot Intervention® cannot prevent
all collisions and may not detect every object or warn in all situations. Driver should always turn and look before changing lanes. See Owner's Manual for safety information. 42Rear Cross Traffic Alert may not detect all
vehicles. See Owner's Manual for safety information. 43Rear Automatic Braking cannot prevent all collisions and may not provide warning or braking in all conditions. Driver should always turn and check surroundings
before driving and brake as needed to prevent collisions. See Owner's Manual for safety information. 44Sonar System may not detect every object. Driver should always check surroundings before driving. See Owner's
Manual for safety information. 45Intelligent Driver Alertness cannot provide a warning in every situation. See Owner's Manual for safety information. 46Traffic Sign Recognition may not detect and read all traffic signs in
all conditions. Driver should monitor all traffic signs and obey all traffic laws. See Owner's Manual for details. 47Vehicle Dynamic Control cannot prevent collisions due to abrupt steering, carelessness, or dangerous driving
techniques. It should remain on when driving, except when freeing the vehicle from mud or snow. See Owner's Manual for safety information. 48Available only on Nissan vehicles with AT&T-compatible in-vehicle Wi-Fi
hotspot capability. Subject to third party service availability. Trial activation required. Trial ends when all data is used or period ends, whichever comes first. Use features only when safe and legal. Data charges may apply.
Subject to AT&T terms and conditions and its privacy policy, and are not within Nissan's control. Visit www.att.com/csa for complete terms and conditions. Trial subscription is subject to change or early termination
at any time without notice. Trademarks and trade names are those of their respective owners. 49Air bags are only a supplemental restraint system. Always wear your seat belt. Rear-facing child restraints should not be
placed in the front-passenger's seat. All children 12 and under should ride in the rear seat properly secured in child restraints, booster seats, or seat belts according to their size. Air bags will only inflate in certain accidents.
See Owner's Manual for safety information. 50Up to 1,500 lbs. maximum towing for 2025 ARIYA Dual Motor e-4ORCE AWD. Towing capacity varies by configuration. See Nissan Towing Guide and Owner's Manual for
additional information. Cargo and load capacity limited by weight and distribution. Always secure cargo. 51Roadside assistance coverage period varies by model year and model. Includes Trip Interruption benefits. For
complete information concerning warranty coverage, conditions and exclusions, see your Nissan dealer and read your vehicle's Warranty Information Booklet. Amazon, Alexa, Echo, and all related marks are trademarks
of Amazon.com, Inc. or its affiliates. Android and Android Auto are trademarks of Google LLC. Compatible Android phone and compatible active data plan required. Apple CarPlay® and Apple Watch® are registered
trademarks of Apple, Inc. Bose® is a registered trademark of The Bose Corporation. HomeLink® is a registered trademark of Gentex Corporation. SiriusXM is a registered trademark of Sirius XM Radio Inc. Yakima® is a
registered trademark of Yakima Products, Inc. This brochure is intended for general descriptive and informational purposes only. It is subject to change and does not constitute an offer, representation or warranty
(express or implied) by Nissan North America, Inc. Interested parties should confirm the accuracy of any information in this brochure as it relates to a vehicle directly with Nissan North America, Inc., before relying on it
to make a purchase decision. Nissan North America, Inc., reserves the right to make changes, at any time, without prior notice, in prices, colors, materials, equipment, specifications, and models and to discontinue models
or equipment. Due to continuous product development and other pre- and post-production factors, actual vehicle, materials and specifications may vary from this brochure. Some vehicles shown with optional
equipment. See the actual vehicle for complete accuracy. Availability and delivery times for particular models or equipment may vary. Specifications, options and accessories may differ in Hawaii, U.S. territories and other
countries. For additional information on availability, options or accessories, see your Nissan dealer or contact Nissan North America, Inc. At NissanUSA.com, you'll find virtual product demonstrations, a way to "build your
own Nissan," a dealer locator, and more information about key Nissan support services. Or if you'd prefer, call 1-800-NISSAN-3 for answers to specific questions about ARIYA or any other Nissan vehicle. The Nissan names,
logos, product names, feature names, and slogans are trademarks owned by or licensed to Nissan Motor Co. Ltd. and/or its North American subsidiaries. Other trademarks and trade names are those of their respective
owners. Always wear your seat belt, and please drive responsibly. ©2024 Nissan North America, Inc. All rights reserved. `25 ARIYA. 25122283-N-9/24-60K-KSL2025 PLATINUM+ Dual Motor e-4ORCE All-Wheel Drive model shown.
Your electric future awaits

ARIYA is an exquisite, future-forward silhouette on every road -- and inside,
a spacious lounge with haptic feedback controls, seamless dual-screen
displays, and modular design cues. And beneath every elegant touch is
thrilling innovation: available Dual Motor e-4ORCE® AWD, ProPILOT Assist
2.0, and driver assist technologies provide all the power and confidence
you'd expect from a revolutionary Nissan EV crossover.1, 2, 3, 4
The future is all around you

Inside ARIYA is a spacious experience worthy of the new electric
age. Without the limitations of an internal combustion engine,
ARIYA redefines our relationship with the space around us. From
crafted interior details inspired by old-world Japanese design to
a spectrum of advanced innovations -- this is the electric future
you've been waiting for.

Lounge-like      Power-sliding    Available Nappa leather-
seating up to 5  center console5  appointed cabin
                                                                                                                              Even the details innovate

                                                                                                                              ARIYA's interior doesn't just invite serenity -- it invites a closer
                                                                                                                              look. Instead of conventional buttons, you'll find illuminated
                                                                                                                              haptic controls built into the wood-toned surface of your
                                                                                                                              dashboard. Even the textures of your climate console and
                                                                                                                              driving mode controls are engineered to thrill.

Technology for the senses

Chances are, you've never experienced anything quite like ARIYA. A combination of refined
craftsmanship, groundbreaking technology, and multi-sensory details makes every drive
extraordinary. Interactive ANDON floor and door lighting elevate the senses, welcoming you
into an immersive cabin experience. And with a stunning 12.3" dual widescreen Integrated
Display Interface, next-generation voice control, and seamless smartphone connectivity,
the road to your electric future is officially open.1, 6, 7

12.3" Integrated       Advanced Voice   Haptic Touch  Wireless   Wireless Smartphone        Alexa-        Over-the-Air
Display Interface1, 7  Recognition6, 7  Controls      Charging8  Integration7               Built-in7, 9  Firmware Updates10
    Charge ahead with con dence                                                                                            Charge at home With a dedicated wall charger, you can plug into the easy life and wave
                                                                                                                           goodbye to the gas pump.11, 16
       Infused with Nissan's long history of EV innovation, ARIYA is more than an electric crossover. With advances like
       active thermal management to optimize performance in both hot and cold climates, ARIYA's fast-charging lithium-ion  Charge smart Schedule your home charging from your compatible smartphone and choose
       battery system takes technology to the next level.11, 12 Choose between standard or extended-range capacity -- and  times when electricity rates may be lower. That means you can set charging to start while
       front-wheel drive or available Dual Motor e-4ORCE® All-Wheel Drive.2, 11 Just charge up and go: the road is yours.  you sleep, and then wake up to an ARIYA 100% ready to go.7, 11, 16, 17

Nissan ARIYA PLATINUM+ Dual Motor e-4ORCE® AWD shown in Two-tone Deep Ocean Blue Pearl / Black Diamond                     Charge on the go An ever-expanding public charging network, including fast charge stations,
Pearl14 with Accessory Load Carriers -- Crossbars.15                                                                       lets you commute with confidence.11, 12

                                                                                                                           Intelligent Route Planner This digital tool can help make your journey seamless: sync the
                                                                                                                           climate control system with your departure time and calculate the route to your destination
                                                                                                                           while locating fast chargers along the way. This is next-level road-tripping.6, 7, 12, 17, 18

                                                                                                                           SiriusXM® with 360L Transform your ride with the most extensive and personalized radio
                                                                                                                           experience on the road. Advanced in-car technology makes finding your favorite SiriusXM®
                                                                                                                           channels, shows, and exclusive content easier than ever before.5, 19
All-Wheel Drive -- evolved

ARIYA's available Dual Motor e-4ORCE® All-Wheel Drive powertrain offers more than
just awe-inspiring thrust and thrills. It combines balanced, smooth motion with positive
traction for elevated grip and uplifted confidence you can feel year-round.2

Press the accelerator, and Dual Motor e-4ORCE All-Wheel Drive responds with authority,
propelling ARIYA up to speed with remarkable force and poise. Dual Motor e-4ORCE
All-Wheel Drive precisely meters out power to each of its wheels individually, so you
can navigate slippery roads with more confidence.2, 6

                                                                                          With available ProPILOT Assist 2.0, driving
                                                                                          doesn't always have to be so hands-on

                                                                                          ProPILOT Assist 2.0 Feel the full power of ProPILOT
                                                                                          Assist 2.0 as it helps out with freeway lane changes
                                                                                          and can provide hands-off, foot-off driving assistance
                                                                                          through stop-and-go freeway traffic.3, 5

                                                                                          ProPILOT Park Tight parking spot? Push the ProPILOT
                                                                                          Park button, and glide, hands-off, right into the spot --
                                                                                          whether it's back-in or parallel.5, 20
CHOOSE YOUR COLOR

ARIYA Trim Legend

ENG = ENGAGE
EVO = EVOLVE+
PLT = PLATINUM+

                                      Everest White Pearl TriCoat14         Boulder Gray Pearl               Gun Metallic              Two-tone Everest White Pearl TriCoat/  Two-tone Boulder Gray Pearl/Black  Two-tone Sunrise Copper Pearl/Black  Two-tone Deep Ocean Blue Pearl/Black
                                                                                                                                       Black Diamond Pearl14                  Diamond Pearl14                    Diamond Pearl14                      Diamond Pearl14

                                      ENG  EVO                       PLT    ENG  EVO                    PLT  ENG           EVO    PLT  ENG  EVO              PLT              ENG  EVO  PLT                      ENG  EVO  PLT                        ENG  EVO   PLT

Charcoal Leatherette

Light Gray Leatherette

Blue Gray Nappa Leather appointments

                                                                                                                                       CHOOSE YOUR INTERIOR

    Standard

Nissan has taken care to ensure
that the color swatches presented
here are the closest possible
representations of actual vehicle
colors. Swatches may vary slightly
due to the printing process and
whether viewed in daylight,
fluorescent or incandescent light.
Please see the actual colors at
your dealer.

                                                                            Northern Lights Metallic14       Black Diamond Pearl

                                                                            ENG  EVO                    PLT  ENG           EVO    PLT

                                      Charcoal Leatherette

                                      Light Gray Leatherette                                                                           Charcoal Leatherette                        Light Gray Leatherette                  Blue Gray Nappa Leather appointments
                                                                                                                                       ENGAGE | EVOLVE+                            ENGAGE | EVOLVE+                        PLATINUM+
                                      Blue Gray Nappa Leather appointments
NISSAN ARIYA ACCESSORIES                                                                                                                                                                                              A  CHOOSE YOUR ACCESSORIES

Build the "you" edition                                                                                                                                  A. Virtual Key24                                                                 B
                                                                                                                                                             Use your compatible smartphone or Apple Watch® to
Every Genuine Nissan Accessory is custom-fit, custom-designed, and durability-tested. Each one is backed by                                                  lock/unlock and start your ARIYA. You can even share                         D
Nissan's 3-year/36,000-mile (whichever occurs first) limited warranty (if installed by the dealer at the time of new                                         this access with up to 7 others.                                             F
vehicle purchase) and can be financed when installed by the dealer at time of new vehicle purchase.21 Affiliated
Yakima® accessories are not warranted by Nissan. Refer to product manufacturer for warranty details. Nissan                                              B. Dual Camera Drive Recorder25, 26                                              H
Limited Warranty does not cover damages or failures to the vehicle caused by improper installation or alterations                                            Catch what's happening outside and inside your ARIYA.
of any Nissan-affiliated accessory or component. Contact your dealer for details.22
                                                                                                                                                         C. Retractable Pet Divider
                          For more information and to shop
                          online for ARIYA Genuine Nissan                                                                                                Give your 4-legged friends their own space and help keep     C
                          Accessories, scan the code.
                                                                                                                                                         them secure.
Left: Nissan ARIYA PLATINUM+ Dual Motor e-4ORCE® All-Wheel Drive shown in Two-tone Sunrise Copper Pearl/Black Diamond Pearl14 with 19"
Gloss Black Aluminum-Alloy Wheels, Load Carriers -- Crossbars,15 Affiliated: Yakima® ForkLift -- Fork Mount Bike Rack,15, 22 Side-Window Deflectors,     D. All-Season Floor Mats -- High Wall Liners (3-piece set)
Clear Hood and Charging Port Protector Set, Exterior Ground Lighting w/ Logo and Rear Illumination, LED Fog Lights (standard on PLATINUM+                    Protect the interior from rain, snow, and mud.
Dual Motor e-4ORCE All-Wheel Drive), and Splash Guards (4-piece set).
Right: Nissan ARIYA PLATINUM+ Dual Motor e-4ORCE® All-Wheel Drive shown in Two-tone Everest White Pearl TriCoat/Black Diamond Pearl14                    E. Front Console Storage Bin
with 19" Gloss Black Aluminum-Alloy Wheels, 19" Satin Chrome Wheel Insert Kit, Load Carriers -- Crossbars,15 Affiliated: Yakima® LoadWarrior --              Conveniently secure your loose items within easy reach.
Cargo Basket,15, 22 Side-Window Deflectors, Clear Rear Bumper Protector, Exterior Ground Lighting w/ Logo and Rear Illumination, Tow Hitch
Receiver Kit, Class I,23 Trailer Tow Harness (4-pin),23 Affiliated: Yakima® RidgeBack 4 -- Hitch Mount Bike Rack,15, 22 Affiliated: Yakima® HitchSki --  F. Illuminated Kick Plates27 and Interior Accent Lighting
Hitch Mount Ski Adapter,15, 22 and Splash Guards (4-piece set).                                                                                              (sold separately)
                                                                                                                                                             Enliven your atmosphere with a glowing reception.

                                                                                                                                                         G. Interior Door Scuff Protection

                                                                                                                                                         Help shield ARIYA where it counts for protection from

                                                                                                                                                         scuffs and scratches.                                        E

                                                                                                                                                         H. Illuminated Cargo Scuff Plates
                                                                                                                                                             Armor and illuminate ARIYA's cargo area.

                                                                                                                                                         Additional Accessories:

                                                                                                                                                         · Carpeted Floor Mats (2-piece set)

                                                                                                                                                         · Trash Bin

                                                                                                                                                         · Hatch Tent

                                                                                                                                                         · Removable Tote Cargo Organizer                             G

                                                                                                                                                         · Affiliated: Yakima® SkyBox 16 -- Roof Cargo Box15, 22

                                                                                                                                                         · Frameless EC Mirror w/ HomeLink®

                                                                                                                                                         · Security Impact Sensor

                                                                                                                                                         · Wheel Locks

                                                                                                                                                         · Pet Ramp

                                                                                                                                                         · Pet Carrier

                                                                                                                                                         · Dog Harness

                                                                                                                                                         · And More
CHOOSE YOUR TRIM

Choose the ARIYA
that ts your world

Whether you crave driving excitement, adventure-
worthy capability, impressive range, or something
in between, there's an ARIYA for you.17

Mile Range17              ENGAGE                                    ENGAGE              ENGAGE+                    EVOLVE+                                               EVOLVE+                          P L AT I N U M +
Drivetrain                                                    Dual Motor AWD       Dual Motor AWD                                                                   Dual Motor AWD                     Dual Motor AWD
Battery11             Up to 216 miles17                        Up to 205 miles17                               Up to 289 miles17
Motor(s)                       FWD                                                  Up to 272 miles17                   FWD                                          Up to 272 miles17                    Up to 267 miles17
HP28 | Torque                                                            AWD                  AWD                                                                              AWD
0­60 MPH (est.)29            63 kWh                                    63 kWh                                         87 kWh                                                                                        AWD
Charge Time (est.)11         160 kW                                    250 kW               87 kWh                     178 kW                                                87 kWh
Trim Highlights          214 | 221 lb-ft                          335 | 413 lb-ft           290 kW                238 | 221 lb-ft                                            290 kW                               87 kWh
                          7.1 seconds                               5.1 seconds        389 | 442 lb-ft             7.2 seconds                                          389 | 442 lb-ft
Key Features             35 min (80%)                              35 min (80%)         4.8 seconds               40 min (80%)                                           4.8 seconds                              290 kW
                                                                                        40 min (80%)                                                                    40 min (80%)
                                                                                                                                                                                                             389 | 442 lb-ft
                      ENGAGE models offer different batteries,11 ranges,17 and choice of Front-Wheel Drive or  The EVOLVE+ models offer a choice of Front-Wheel Drive and
                      Dual Motor e-4ORCE® All-Wheel Drive.2                                                    Dual Motor e-4ORCE All-Wheel Drive.2                                                           4.8 seconds

                      Key features include:                                                                    Both EVOLVE+ models include ENGAGE equipment, plus:                                           40 min (80%)

                      · ProPILOT Assist with Navi-link30      · 8-way power driver's seat                      · Intelligent Around View® Monitor33  · 8-way power front-passenger seat  The PLATINUM+ is the ARIYA flagship.
                      · Standard Safety Shield® 36031         · Memory system -- driver's seat                 · Intelligent Rear View Mirror34      · Rain-sensing windshield wipers    It is Dual Motor e-4ORCE All-Wheel Drive.2
                      · ANDON interior lighting               · Power-sliding center console                   · Panoramic Moonroof                  · HomeLink® Universal Transceiver
                      · Wireless Apple CarPlay® integration7  · Leatherette-appointed seats                    · Power liftgate                                                          Includes EVOLVE+ equipment, plus:
                      · Android AutoTM compatibility7         · Heated front and rear outboard seats
                      · Dual 12.3" displays1, 7               · Heated steering wheel                                                                                                    · ProPILOT Assist 2.03
                      · Head-Up Display 32                    · Wireless charger8                                                                                                        · ProPILOT Park20
                                                                                                                                                                                         · Multi-color contextual line illumination
                                                                                                                                                                                         · Motion Activated Liftgate
                                                                                                                                                                                         · Nappa leather-appointed seats
                                                                                                                                                                                         · Climate-controlled front seats
                                                                                                                                                                                         · Bose Premium Audio System
                                                                                                                                                                                         · LED fog lights
SPECIFICATIONS                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             DIMENSIONS/CAPACITIES/WEIGHTS/MPGe

 Mechanical                                      ENG EVO PLT     Driver Assistance Technologies (continued)                 ENG EVO PLT  Infotainment                                                  ENG EVO PLT                                          Exterior Dimensions -- Inches

160 kW AC synchronous electric motor                            Intelligent Driver Alertness45                                           12.3" Digital dashboard with fully digital gauges1                                                                Wheelbase                                                  109.3
178 kW AC synchronous electric motor                            Traffic Sign Recognition46                                               NissanConnect® 12.3" display with multi-touch control7                                                            Overall length                                             182.9
250 kW dual AC synchronous electric motors                      Hill Start Assist                                                        Nissan Door to Door Navigation with Premium Traffic6                                                              Overall width                                              85.5
290 kW dual AC synchronous electric motors                      Vehicle Dynamic Control (VDC) with Traction Control                      NissanConnect® Services powered by SiriusXM® with trial                                                           Overall height                                             65.4
Horsepower -- 214 hp28                                          System (TCS)47                                                           access to 5-year Select and 3-year Premium packages7
Horsepower -- 238 hp28                                                                                                                   Head-Up Display32                                                                                                                                                            0.30
Horsepower -- 335 hp28                                           Wheels/Tires                                                            Voice Recognition6                                                                                                 Aerodynamics -- Cd                                        0.31
Horsepower -- 389 hp28                                                                                                                   Hello Nissan7                                                                                                                                                                0.33
Torque -- 221 lb-ft                                             19" Aluminum-alloy wheels with aero covers                               Alexa Built-in7, 9                                                                                                Drag coefficient
Torque -- 413 lb-ft                                             20" Aluminum-alloy wheels                                                Wireless Apple CarPlay® integration7                                                                              FWD                                                        37.9/39.6
Torque -- 442 lb-ft                                             P235/55R19 All-season tires                                              Android AutoTM compatibility7                                                                                     AWD (except PLATINUM+)                                     38.3 (36.6 PLT+)
63 kWh lithium-ion battery                                      P255/45R20 All-season tires                                              SiriusXM® Traffic and Travel Link with 3-month trial access7                                                      PLATINUM+                                                  42.3/37.0
87 kWh lithium-ion battery                                                                                                               Wi-Fi Hotspot7, 48                                                                                                                                                           56.0/52.5
Battery heater                                                   Exterior Features                                                       Firmware Over-the-Air Updates10                                                                                    Interior Dimensions -- Inches                             57.1/55.9
7.2 kW onboard charger                                                                                                                   Bose Premium Audio System with 10 speakers, including
Quick Charge Port -- 130 kW11                                   LED headlights with LED signature Daytime Running Lights                 dual-driver woofer                                                                                                Head room with/without moonroof (front)                    5
Portable charge cable (120-V / 240-V)11, 16                     Intelligent Auto Headlights                                              One USB-A ports and three USB-C ports8                                                                            Head room (rear)                                           96.3/101.2
                                                                Dual power-folding heated outside mirrors                                Wireless charger8                                                                                                 Leg room (front/rear)                                      119.1/124.0
 Drivetrain                                                     Outside mirrors with integrated LED turn signal indicators               SiriusXM® with 360L and 3-month subscription included19                                                           Hip room (front/rear)                                      22.8
                                                                Charge port with light and lock                                                                                                                                                            Shoulder room (front/rear)                                 59.7
Front-Wheel Drive (FWD)                                         Illuminated front badge
Dual Motor e-4ORCE® All-Wheel Drive2                            Panoramic Moonroof                                                        Safety                                                                                                            Capacities                                                1,500
Eco and Sport Modes                                             Power liftgate
Snow Mode (AWD)                                                 Motion Activated Liftgate                                                Nissan Advanced Air Bag System with dual-stage                                                                    Seating capacity                                           PLT
Regenerative braking system with e-Step Mode35                  Satin Chrome exterior trim                                               supplemental front air bags with seat-belt and                                                                    Interior passenger volume with/without moonroof (cu. ft.)  -
                                                                Dark Satin Chrome exterior trim (AWD only)                               occupant-classification sensors49                                                                                 Total interior volume with/without moonroof (cu. ft.)      5,049
 Brakes                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    Cargo volume with rear seat up (cu. ft.)15
                                                                                                                                         Seat-mounted side-impact supplemental air bags for                                                                Cargo volume with rear seat down (cu. ft.)15               PLT
Front and rear vented disc brakes                                                                                                        front- and rear-seat outboard occupants49                                                                                                                                    -
4-wheel Anti-lock Braking System (ABS)                           Comfort/Convenience                                                                                                                                                                        Towing/Payload                                            93/87/90
Electronic Brake force Distribution (EBD)                                                                                                Driver and front-passenger supplemental knee air bags49                                                           Maximum towing capacity (lbs.) (AWD only)50                89/84/87
Brake Assist36                                                  Dual Zone Automatic Temperature Control                                                                                                                                                                                                               (w/ 20" wheels)
Electronic parking brake                                        Nissan Intelligent Key® with Push Button Start and four-                 Roof-mounted curtain supplemental air bags with                                                                    Curb Weights -- Lbs.           ENG/ENG+     EVO
                                                                door request switch                                                      rollover sensor for side-impact head protection for
 Suspension/Steering                                            Power tilt and telescoping steering column                               front- and rear-seat outboard occupants49                                                                         Base total                      4,322        4,599
                                                                HomeLink® Universal Transceiver                                                                                                                                                              FWD                           4,606/4,897  4,890
Independent strut front suspension                              Outside mirrors with reverse tilt-down feature                           Driver seat-mounted front-center supplemental air bag49                                                             AWD
Independent multi-link rear suspension                          ANDON interior lighting
Front and rear stabilizer bars                                  Multi-color contextual line illumination                                 3-point ALR/ELR passenger seat belt system (ELR
Vehicle-speed-sensitive electric power steering                 Rain-sensing windshield wipers                                           for driver)
                                                                Power-sliding center console
 Driver Assistance Technologies                                 Six cargo tie-down hooks                                                 Front and rear-outboard seat belts with pretensioners
                                                                Divide-N-Hide® Cargo System (FWD only)15                                 and load limiters
Intelligent Cruise Control37
ProPILOT Assist with Navi-link30                                                                                                         LATCH System (Lower Anchors and Tethers for CHildren)
ProPILOT Assist 2.03
ProPILOT Park20                                                  Seating/Appointments                                                    1Information displayed is dependent on how vehicle is equipped. Driving is serious business and requires           2025 Fuel Economy MPGe17       ENG          EVO
Intelligent Forward Collision Warning38                                                                                                  your full attention. If you have to use the feature while driving, exercise extreme caution at all times so full
Automatic Emergency Braking with                                8-way power driver's seat, with 4-way power                              attention may be given to vehicle operation. 2Dual Motor e-4ORCE AWD cannot prevent collisions or                 City/Highway/Combined           109/94/101   105/91/98
Pedestrian Detection39                                          lumbar support                                                           provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions. 3ProPILOT               FWD                           101/89/95    97/86/92
Intelligent Lane Intervention40                                 8-way power front-passenger's seat                                       Assist 2.0 can't prevent collisions. Driver at all times responsible to maintain safety by monitoring traffic,      AWD                           97/86/92
Intelligent Blind Spot Intervention®41                          Memory System -- driver's seat                                           controlling vehicle, and if needed steer, brake or accelerate. System works only when lane markings                                               (ENGAGE+)
Rear Cross Traffic Alert42                                      Memory System -- driver's and passenger's seats,                         detected and does not function in all weather, traffic and road conditions. See Owner's Manual for safety
Rear Automatic Braking43                                        steering wheel, and outside mirrors                                      information. NissanConnect Services subscription required. See NissanUSA.com/connect/legal.                       NISSAN ROADSIDE ASSISTANCE
Intelligent Around View® Monitor33                              Leatherette-appointed seats                                              4Availability of features vary by vehicle model year, model, trim level, packaging, and options. Please see
Intelligent Rear View Mirror34                                  Nappa leather-appointed seats                                            Owner's Manual for important feature information. 5Feature availability varies by vehicle model year,             Your peace of mind is on us. For 36 months or 36,000 miles,
Front and Rear Sonar System44                                   Heated leather-wrapped steering wheel                                    model, trim level, packaging and options. 6Never program while driving. GPS mapping may not be detailed           whichever comes rst, your new Nissan is covered for the following:51
High Beam Assist                                                Heated front seats                                                       in all areas or reflect current road status. 7Feature availability is dependent on vehicle model year, model,
                                                                Climate-controlled front seats (heated and cooled)                       trim level, packaging and options. See NissanUSA.com/connect/packages.html for details. 8Driving is               - Flat-tire changes     - Trip Interruption benefits       - Jump starts
                                                                Heated outboard rear seats                                               serious business and requires your full attention. If you have to use the connected device while driving,         - Vehicle lockouts      - Emergency fuel delivery
                                                                                                                                         exercise extreme caution at all times so full attention may be given to vehicle operation. 9Feature
                                                                                                                                         availability varies by vehicle model year, model, trim level, packaging and options. Connectivity                 visit NissanUSA.com/ariya
                                                                                                                                         service may be required. Alexa is Amazon's cloud-based voice service. Subject to third party service
                                                                                                                                         availability. Amazon, Alexa, Echo, and all related marks are trademarks of Amazon.com, Inc. or its                PRINTED IN USA
                                                                                                                                         affiliates. For more information see NissanUSA.com/connect/legal. 10Availability may vary.
                                                                                                                                         NissanConnect® Services subscription may be required. Always read and follow instructions for safe
                                                                                                                                         update procedures. You may contact Nissan at 1-800-333-0207 for assistance with software
                                                                                                                                         updates. You may also visit your local Nissan dealer; dealership charges may apply. 11Level 3 charging
                                                                                                                                         time estimated at the vehicle's maximum charging rate of 130kW. Charging time and capacity may vary
                                                                                                                                         based on power source, ambient temperature, battery temperature, condition, and age, and use of vehicle
                                                                                                                                         accessories while charging. For Level 1 home charging use only a 110-120 volt, 15-amp dedicated outlet for
                                                                                                                                         charging. For Level 2 home charging use only a 240 volt charging dock on a dedicated outlet for charging.
                                                                                                                                         See Customer Disclosure Form for details. 12Public charging networks are provided by independent
                                                                                                                                         companies, and are not within Nissan's control. Availability of charging stations not guaranteed. 13Zero
                                                                                                                                         tailpipe emissions. 14Extra cost option. 15Cargo shown for display purposes only. Cargo and load capacity

Standard  Optional  ENG = ENGAGE                 EVO = EVOLVE+  PLT = PLATINUM+
           Sign up to get the latest on
      Nissan vehicles, news, and events.

https://www.nissanusa.com/brochures/request-brochure.html
